= DESCRIPTION:
An LWRP that can be used to fetch files from S3.

I created this LWRP to solve the chicken-and-egg problem of fetching files from S3 on the first Chef run on a newly provisioned machine. Ruby libraries that are installed on that first run are not available to Chef during the run, so I couldn't use a library like Fog to get what I needed from S3.

This LWRP has no dependencies beyond the Ruby standard library, so it can be used on the first run of Chef.

= NEW FEATURES:
This provider wraps remote_file instead of wrapping file

* It streams to disk like remote_file instead of blowing out RAM
* It can leverage etags / last-modified headers
* It supports why-run correctly
* It will gain from any future remote_file improvements
* It does depend on CHEF-4042 (http://tickets.opscode.com/browse/CHEF-4042) which is an unreleased CHEF 11.1.x feature

= REQUIREMENTS:
An Amazon Web Services account and something in S3 to fetch.

= USAGE:
s3_file acts like other file resources.  The only supported action is :create, which is the default.

Attribute Parameters:
 
* `aws_access_key_id` - your AWS access key id.
* `aws_secret_access_key` - your AWS secret access key.
* `bucket` - the bucket to pull from.
* `remote_path` - the S3 key to pull.
* `owner` - the owner of the file. (optional)
* `group` - the group owner of the file. (optional)
* `mode` - the octal mode of the file. (optional)

Example:

    s3_file "/tmp/somefile" do
    	remote_path "/my/s3/key"
    	bucket "my-s3-bucket"
    	aws_access_key_id "mykeyid"
    	aws_secret_access_key "mykey"
    	owner "me"
    	group "mygroup"
    	mode "0644"
    	action :create
    end


